Annie Le Tran

email: annie.tran227@gmail.com
phone: +1-714-553.9197
address:  563 Logan Place apt 13 
          Newport News, VA 23601


QUALIFICATIONS SUMMARY 

* Highly focused and results-oriented Financial Analyst
  with more than 5 years of professional experience in 
  risk-quantitative and statistical analysis, financial 
  modeling, budgeting, annual income projection and trend forecasting.
* Provide financial reporting and presentations to facilitate 
  executive-level decision making. 
* Possess knowledge of cost accounting standards. 
* Clearly communicate results of work, orally and in 
  writing, possess high standard of integrity and ability to 
  handle multiple tasks under time constraints. 
* Quickly adapt to new technologies and possess expertise 
  in MS Word, PowerPoint, Excel, Access, ACT, Morningstar Advisor Central, 
  Web-based reporting and knowledge of Peachtree, AccessQuickBooks and Deltek.  
        

PROFESSIONAL EXPERIENCE
    
2006-present    
JSF Financial, LLC  
Los Angeles, CA 
> Junior Portfolio Analyst <
- Serve as a key team member in the investment management 
  department of a financial planning and investment firm.  
- Conduct quantitative analysis of financial data to 
  provide financial investment strategies compatible with clients'
  goals, attitudes toward risk tolerance and objectives.  
- Collaborate with the investment management department in 
  developing comprehensive financial plans, reports, and charts 
  to present data and guide investment strategies. 
- Support financial advisors with budgeting, cash flow and annual 
  income projection.
- Monitor individual and institutional clients'
  retirement plans and provide recommendations based on 
  evaluation of analyst reports covering fixed-income and 
  equity investing. 
- Assess in-house model portfolio holdings and 
  performances quarterly. 

2006             
A.G. Edwards & Sons, Inc. (Wachovia)  
Sherman Oaks, CA 
> Intern <
-  Assisted with financial analysis, various portfolio 
   reports, and risk assessment. 
-  Performed investment data entry. 
-  Provided administrative support. 
    
2005 
Orseni Coffee and Tea  
Rancho Dominguez, CA 
> Intern <
-  Managed accounts payable, receivable and prepared 
   bank reconciliations for a coffee manufacturer. 
-  Evaluated actual manufacturing costs and prepared 
   periodic reports comparing standard costs to actual 
   production costs. 
-  Provided proper checks and balances over company`s 
   various financial operations. 
    
2003
Long Beach City College  
Long Beach, CA       
> Tutor <  
- Provided assistance to college students with course 
  work related to algebra, trigonometry, calculus, 
  geometry and statistics.    
    
    


EDUCATIONAL BACKGROUND

2011  University of California in Los Angeles
Los Angeles, CA
- Certificate of Personal Planning Program

2006 University of Southern California
Los Angeles, CA
- Bachelor of Science in Business Administration, Finance emphasis

2004 Long Beach City College
Long Beach, CA
- Associate of Arts in Liberal Arts
    
    
   

ADDITIONAL INFORMATION

Languages:   Italian, English, Vietnamese
Citizenship: USA
























